---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "ciphertrust Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# ciphertrust Provider





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **address** (String) address can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config
- **azure_operation_timeout** (Number) Azure key operations can take time to complete. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. azure_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is 240
- **domain** (String) domain can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is root
- **hsm_operation_timeout** (Number) HSM connection operations are not synchronous. This specifies how long to wait for an operation to complete in seconds. azure_operation_timeout can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is 60
- **log_file** (String) log_file can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is ctp.log
- **log_level** (String) log_level can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is info Options: debug, info, warning or error.
- **no_ssl_verify** (Boolean) Set to false to verify the server's certificate chain and host name. no_ssl_verify can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is true
- **password** (String, Sensitive) password can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config
- **rest_api_timeout** (Number) Rest api timeout in seconds. rest_api_timeout can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config. default is 60
- **username** (String) username can be set in the provider block, or in ~/.ciphertrust/config
